# Auto Email Generator Project

This project sets up an automated reply email generator based on your last inbox mail using Docker. Follow the instructions below to get started.
## Project Overview

Managing emails can be time-consuming, especially when dealing with a mix of spam and important messages. This project aims to automate email responses and classify emails to help you stay organized and productive.

### Features

1. **Automated Email Responses**: 
   - Fetches the latest email from the user's inbox.
   - Uses the content of the last email to generate a response via a POST request to the project's API.
   - The response is generated by the Google Gemini API and sent back to the original sender.

2. **Email Classification**:
   - Provides an endpoint to classify emails as either work-related or personal.

### Technologies Used

- **Express**: For building the server and handling routes.
- **Express-session**: For saving the OAuth 2.0 tokens securely.
- **Gmail API**: For accessing and managing emails.
- **Google Gemini API**: For generating email responses.
- **OAuth 2.0**: For authenticating and authorizing the use of Google's services.
## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your system:

- Docker: [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

## Getting Started

### Step 1: Pull the Docker Image

Pull the Docker image from Docker Hub using the following command:

```bash
docker pull debojyoti38/auto-email-gen-image
```

### Step 2: Create .env file with
PORT=8080 , SESSION_SECRET , OPENAI_API_KEY , GEMINI_API_KEY , CLIENT_ID , CLIENT_SECRE

### Step 3: Run the container
```bash
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 --env-file .env auto-email-gen 
```
